Improve wording on delegated events propagation (#1217)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/concepts/components/event-handlers.mdx

- [`on:__`](/reference/jsx-attributes/on): adds an event listener to the `element`. This is also known as a _native event_.
- [`on__`](/reference/jsx-attributes/on_): adds an event listener to the `document` and dispatches it to the `element`. This can be referred to as a _delegated event_.

Delegated events save some resources by sharing a handler, performing better on commonly used events.

> Native events, however, provide more control over the behavior of the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delegated events conserve resources and improve performance for commonly used events by sharing a single handler.
Native events, conversely, offer greater control over event behavior.
```

Author: Thanks @LadyBluenotes, much better!
